Add asian-southeast1 to RTDB CLI (#3460)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Add Warsaw (europe-central2) Cloud Function Location to Firebase Extension template.

> - Add Singapore (asia-southeast1) to Firebase Database location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add Singapore (asia-southeast1) as a valid Firebase Realtime Database location.
```
